What is UI?
UI stands for user interface. UI refers to the visual elements and interactive
features of an application or website that enables users to interact with the software

What is Library?
A library is a collection of pre-written code that can used by software developers ot help them
build applications more quickly and efficiently.

What is React?
React is a popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
Used for buidling user interfaces, it is not responsible for routing or mkaing HTTP requests.
Used for handling the view layer of our application.
It allows us to create large web applications that can change data without reloading the webpage.

What is difference between library and framework?
A library like React, the developer has more freedom and flexibility in choosing how to structure their
application and how to use the library to achieve their goals.
A framework like Angular or Ruby On Rails provides a more structured and opioninated approach to building an application.

- React create-react-app -
The create-react-app is an excellent tool for beginners, which allows you to create and run Reacdt applications very quickly.
It does not take any configuration manually. This tool is wrapping all of the required dependencies like Webpack, Babel for React project itself and then you need to focus on writing code.

- React Features -
1. JSX
JSX stands for JavaScript XML. It is similar in appearance to HTML, hence provides a way easily write HTML in React.
Not neccessary to use JSX, but it is recommended.

2. Components
Reactjs is all about components, Reactjs application is made up of multiple components and each component has its own logic and control.
These components can be reusable which helps you maintain the code when working on larger scale applicaions.

3. One Way Data Binding
Reactjs is designed in such a way that follows unidirectional data flow or one way data binding.
The benefits of one way data binding is that it gives you better use case throughout the application.

4. Virtual DOM
A virtual DOM object is a representation of the original DOM object. It works like a one-way data binding. Whenever any modifications happen in the web application.
The entire UI is re-rendered in virtual DOM representation and new DOM. Once it has done, the real DOM will update only changes that have actually changed.

5. Simplicity
Reactjs uses JSX file which makes the application simple and to code as well as understand.
We know that Reactjs is a component based approach whihc makes the code reusable as your need.
This makes it simple to use and learn.

6. Performance
Reactjs is known to be a great performer. This feature makes it much better than other frameworks.
The reason behind this is that it manages virtual DOM. The DOM is a cross platform and programming API whihc deals with HTML, XML and XHTML.
The DOM exists entirely in memory.

7. SEO Friendly
Traditional JavaScript frameworks are not SEO friendly. But Reactjs is SEO friendly.

- Disadvantages of Reactjs -
1. The high pace of development
The high pace of development has an advantage and disadvantage both. In case of disadvantage, 
since the environment continuosly changes fast, some of the developers are not feeling comfortable ot relearn the new ways of doing things regularly.

2. Poor Documentation
It is another cons which is common for constantly updating technology. React technology and accelerating so fast that there is no documentation that is proper.

3. View Part Only
Reactjs cover only the UI layers of the app and nothing else, so you need other technologies to get the completer tooling set for development in project.

4 JSX is barrier
JSX gets complaints from developers about its complexity in the learning curve.